Changes in version 3.0 of NCBI ASN.1 specification

these change the asn.1 files and their object loaders.
NOTE: simple.c changes also

general.asn -
    1) Int-fuzz
        A) added "circle" to indicate artificial break in a location
           that spans origin of a circular sequence
        B) added "alt" for a series of alternate positions

biblio.asn -
	1) Cit-pat adapted to include additional fields
		A) Cit-pat.class changed from VisibleString to SEQUENCE OF
             VisibleString. Since class was not formally populated this
             destructive change should not be a problem.
        B) new fields
             assignees, priority, abstract

    2) Affil - 
        added email, fax, phone
    3) Cit-sub -
        added descr for author to describe any changes for the public
        added date, and made imprint optional. Imprint will go away and
         be replaced by just a date.
    4) retraction/erratum notice added to imprint.
CitRetract ::= SEQUENCE {
    type ENUMERATED {                    -- retraction of an entry
        retracted (1) ,               -- this citation retracted
        notice (2) ,                  -- this citation is a retraction notice
        in-error (3) ,                -- an erratum was published about this
        erratum (4) } ,               -- this is a published erratum
    exp VisibleString OPTIONAL }      -- citation and/or explanation
	5) added part-supi on imprint for part/supplement on issue
       old part-sup now specificially for volume
             
seq.asn -
    1) Seq-descr redefined as SET OF Seqdesc, with Seqdesc being a CHOICE
       of the old elements of Seqdesc, Seqdesc.E  This enables single
       elements to be named for various tools.
    2) GIBB-mod, GIBB-mol, GIBB-method, org expanded and consolidated into
         MolInfo and new Org-ref. These old descriptors will be removed
         with the next spec.
	3) Seq-inst added
         type "delta", Delta-seq, Seq-literal, for constructing a sequence
         by changes (deltas) to another.
    4) Seq-annot
         changed "id" to use Annot-id
         changed "db" to represent a source db
         changed "name" to represent a source name
         changed "desc" from VisibleString to Annot-descr for separate
         seq-annots to have comments, titles, publications, etc.
	5) Added BioSource and MolInfo to Seq-descr

seqblock.asn -
    1) Added divisions est, pat, sts to EMBL block

seqfeat.asn -
    1) added sites
        signal-peptide (23) ,
        transit_peptide (24) ,
        transmembrane-region (25)
    2) expanded Org-ref
    3) added processing status to Prot-ref
         processed ENUMERATED {             -- processing status
            not-set (0) ,
            preprotein (1) ,
            mature (2) } DEFAULT not-set }
    4) added BioSource type for biological source of materials


seqset.asn -
    1) added new set classes
         mut-set = set of mutations of a sequence
         pop-set = population set (look for frequency in BioSource)
         phy-set = phylogenetic study

submit.asn -
    1) added tool field for string defining tool that made the entry
    2) added user-tag field for user supplied id for this entry
    3) added comment for user comments/advice to database on this entry
    4) added type to indicate new, update, revise



